---
title: Educated cash cow test
layout: blog
---

<p class="blog__list">
Our education system is a virtual reality that creates a fake environment in which is the only important thing is "to Remember as much as you can" (well computers have outraced you in that). Teachers are the ultimate rulers of life they decide who is supposed to do what, what they deserve, and what will any individual do in his life. 
<br>
Who are teachers are in the human beings who are themselves part of the failed system?
Just repeatedly doing the same task and teaching the same syllabus.
Aren't they just pieces of chess, who moves only to save his life?
</p>

<h2> Money </h2>
<p class="blog__list">
The thing which makes us believe that our education system is really important.
<br>
Colleges show us how will we be able to generate loads of money once we take some course, earn good marks, passed exams and keep your mind locked to that limit, copy some letters, words, written on the board in the note-book without understanding;
Why are we doing it?
</p>
<p class="blog__list">
Solving and byhearting number of things that are useless in my future life! I can see it, where will I use all the shit I learned, and really will I be able to?
<br>
To how many people do you see around who are using Trigonometry in their daily life? They have all learned it in school.
How many working individuals have been benefited from remembering the periodic tables?  1 or 2 how many people you know, who says "I am happy after learning periodic table! It is what I was supposed to do."? All crap! Never you are going to use that thing.
</p>

<h2>the biggest bane</h2>
<p class="blog__list">
The lock on your thinking and thought is the biggest bane.  Curiosity. questioning is the basis of human nature. But is our school supporting it? Isn't for that purpose schools and education system was formed?
So that you can satisfy your quench or trust of knowledge.
<br>
Knowing how things work? knowing how the solar system works? knowing why Gandhi is printed on notes? knowing what Subhash Chandra Bose did? knowing!
<br>
What I see instead is a loop of byhearting without understanding.
What is being taught doesn't interest you still keep byhearting it like you are in a torture jail? 
Don't question anything! don't think about the existing system!  Just process everything like a robot!
And serve your master the teacher, like you are a slave of time and he can destroy your future.
<br>
And after doing this, what will you get? You get something known as marks. This label on your ass ensures that you stay below other better slaves.
They are and will be better robots than you are. Why?
They are remembering more,
they serve teachers,
the turn of their questioning mind,
they cry and do everything that the system forces them to do!
</p>

<h2> Compulsary BS </h2>
<p class="blog__list">
We just had our PCB designing workshop. And it was compulsory! Why? Dono. It wasted the whole day and complete energy drain; taking away my life. Anyways, how many students are capable of making PCB after the workshop? Maybe 3 or 4 out of 83!
<br>
I want to become a software developer; will it help in my field? No! not at all.  That made me pay compulsory, stay compulsory, don't are silly questions they say! Silly? My foot! Why was that workshop compulsory? I won't attend either any workshop or a class which I don't interest in. I don't want to learn something useless, meaningless and I don't want to learn from someone, who is trying to control my thinking!
</p>

<h2> The life of slave</h2>
<p class="blog__list">
I bet my soul, that every single follower of a teacher, who works just for Marks and gets his ass bitten if his curiosity struck him; will be the servant or slave in his upcoming life doing some shitty job!
He will work for money his entire life and will never understand that he is a speck of life coma who wasted himself to mimic the machine. Just knock on so-called toppers 20% of the class and ask them "Are you happy with your life?"
Surprisingly 18 of 20 will say yes! If you ask the same question to remaining 80% of the class in the future; they will regret it and they will regret it hard!
<br>
They spend their life doing something that their brains didn't like, they were always average; so was their job and so was their life.
The majority of these people will spend their life trading time for money and I know for sure that the money they earned will never be enough. Because they will also have an average income and do the turn of work, as they struggle in their jobs. Lack of interest leads to a lack of motivation to do work.
<br>
</p>

<h2>
The choice is yours stay average like a Slave; <br>
or explore the world like a king, <br>
 free from all limitations, <br>
doing what your Minds interest lies in.
</h2>
